README.md, before:

# Vistula Web Warsaw Regular #6

Vistula Web Warsaw in cooperation with Vistula University Is more than happy to invite all for
following regular event about web development which will take a place at Akademia Finansow i Biznesu
Vistula in Warsaw.

This time Wirtualna Polska Media will delight us with their speeches about Web Development and IT
career.

Based on our experience and case study from one of our most popular iOS and Android applications we
will talk you through 5 pros of using React Native as well as 5 cons we've faced during last 2
years. You will take a look at your React app from different side and Expel routine work from your
components by using additional abstractions. You will know how to save yourself some time and
disappointment. Learn the dos and do-not's to successfully land your next developer job.

In addition to a large dose of practical knowledge and a great atmosphere, coffee/snack tables,
pizza will be available. The most active participants will take prizes. It is a great opportunity to
share ideas, learn new things and network with awesome community. Let's get to know each other!

## Speakers

KRZYSZTOF PAŁKA is experienced software engineering manager and web project management expert. He
collaborated on IT projects for most major Polish companies in Internet industry. In the meantime he
hired dozens of engineers and probably knows every trick in the book when it comes to IT job
interview.

GABOR WNUK For the last 9 years bonded with o2.pl and later Wirtualna Polska. Currently Mobile Tech
Lead in Wirtualna Polska, busy with implementing React Native wherever possible.\
Talk title - React Native - Success case study\
For the last 12 months we've been experimenting with cross platform solutions with moderate success
until we've researched React Native, and boy oh boy has it been worth it. During the talk i will
explain what difficulties we've been facing and how React Rative could hugely accelerate your
development.

YAUHENI NIKANOVICH Frontend Developer at Wirtualna Polska. Always on the wave of the world wide web.
JavaScript lover and just a friendly guy. He believes that programmer is not just a profession but
mindset.

## Agenda

18:30 - Gabor Wnuk - React Native Love / Hate [EN] 19:00 - Pizza Break 19:15 - Yauheni Nikanovich -
Recompose your React [EN] 19:45 - Krzysztof Pałka - How to fail IT job interview in 8 easy steps
[EN]

## When

23.11.2017 at 18:30

## Where

Vistula University Stokłosy 3, Warsaw

Commit message:

Links to slides in readme

README.md, after:

# Vistula Web Warsaw Regular #6

Vistula Web Warsaw in cooperation with Vistula University Is more than happy to invite all for
following regular event about web development which will take a place at Akademia Finansow i Biznesu
Vistula in Warsaw.

This time Wirtualna Polska Media will delight us with their speeches about Web Development and IT
career.

Based on our experience and case study from one of our most popular iOS and Android applications we
will talk you through 5 pros of using React Native as well as 5 cons we've faced during last 2
years. You will take a look at your React app from different side and Expel routine work from your
components by using additional abstractions. You will know how to save yourself some time and
disappointment. Learn the dos and do-not's to successfully land your next developer job.

In addition to a large dose of practical knowledge and a great atmosphere, coffee/snack tables,
pizza will be available. The most active participants will take prizes. It is a great opportunity to
share ideas, learn new things and network with awesome community. Let's get to know each other!

## Speakers

KRZYSZTOF PAŁKA is experienced software engineering manager and web project management expert. He
collaborated on IT projects for most major Polish companies in Internet industry. In the meantime he
hired dozens of engineers and probably knows every trick in the book when it comes to IT job
interview.

Slides: [How to fail IT job interview in 8 easy steps](howtofailinterview/How%20to%20fail%20IT%20job%20interview%20in%208%20easy%20steps.pdf)

GABOR WNUK For the last 9 years bonded with o2.pl and later Wirtualna Polska. Currently Mobile Tech
Lead in Wirtualna Polska, busy with implementing React Native wherever possible.\
Talk title - React Native - Success case study\
For the last 12 months we've been experimenting with cross platform solutions with moderate success
until we've researched React Native, and boy oh boy has it been worth it. During the talk i will
explain what difficulties we've been facing and how React Rative could hugely accelerate your
development.

YAUHENI NIKANOVICH Frontend Developer at Wirtualna Polska. Always on the wave of the world wide web.
JavaScript lover and just a friendly guy. He believes that programmer is not just a profession but
mindset.

Slides: [Recompose your React](Recompose-your-React/Recompose-react.pdf)

## Agenda

18:30 - Gabor Wnuk - React Native Love / Hate [EN] 19:00 - Pizza Break 19:15 - Yauheni Nikanovich -
Recompose your React [EN] 19:45 - Krzysztof Pałka - How to fail IT job interview in 8 easy steps
[EN]

## When

23.11.2017 at 18:30

## Where

Vistula University Stokłosy 3, Warsaw
